README.md, before:

# 100 Days of Code - Jashele T.


| **DAY**   | **DESCRIPTION** |
|-------|-------------|
| **Day 1** 👋 | <br> • **Reading:** [Intro to Web APIs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Client-side_web_APIs/Introduction) <br><br>
| **Day 2** | <br> • **finished reading:** [Intro to Web APIs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Client-side_web_APIs/Introduction) <br> <br> • Tested out the **Web Audio API** for fun @ [github.com/jasheloper/web-audio-api-test](https://github.com/jasheloper/web-audio-api-test) <br><br> 💡and wow, never knew about [`<input type="range">`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/range) pretty cool! <br><br>
| **Day 3** | <br> • **Quick review:** [Manipulating Documents (DOM)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Client-side_web_APIs/Manipulating_documents) <br><br>
| **Day 4** | <br> • Basic DOM review/practice creating & moving elements @ [github.com/jasheloper/basic-dom](https://github.com/jasheloper/basic-dom) <br><br>
| **Day 5** | <br> **I took a month long break so doing challenges from [JSCodebox](https://jscodebox.com/) to warm up:** <br> <br> **All solutions are in my CodePen, links below.** <br> <br> • Code challenge 1: [Password Security](https://codepen.io/jt_1/pen/pvzddJm) <br><br> • Code challenge 2: [Check Box](https://codepen.io/jt_1/pen/OPLOOXw) <br><br> • Code Challenge 3: [Return specific array elements](https://codepen.io/jt_1/pen/EaYbbNy) <br><br> • Code Challenge 4: [Return variables in JSON Notation](https://codepen.io/jt_1/pen/bNbYYqO) <br><br>
| **Day 6** | <br> • **Reading:** [Making network requests with JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Core/Scripting/Network_requests) <br><br> • Working through example code @ [github.com/jasheloper/fetch-example](https://github.com/jasheloper/fetch-example)<br><br>
| **Day 7** | <br> • **Need to briefly switch gears and revamp my [web development](https://github.com/jasheloper/portfolio) portfolio.** <br><br>
| **Day 8 - 18** | <br> • Making progress on [web development](https://github.com/jasheloper/portfolio) portfolio. <br><br>
| **Day 19 - 20** | <br> • Worked on sprucing up the styling for one of the [JS coding projects](https://github.com/jasheloper/color-tile-playground) that will be featured in my portfolio. <br> <br> • Significant progress has been made for the projects portion of [my portfolio](https://github.com/jasheloper/portfolio/upload). The bulk of the work was styling the project cards (headings, summary, buttons, etc). It's coming along nicely!  <br><br>
| **Day 21 - 27** | <br> • Making progress on [web development](https://github.com/jasheloper/portfolio) portfolio. <br><br>
| **Day 28 - 35** | <br> • New [web dev portfolio](https://github.com/jasheloper/portfolio) is nearly complete. Performing some quality checks and will relaunch the site very soon! <br><br> • **update:** Web dev portfolio is live! • [devjashele.tech](https://devjashele.tech/) <br><br>
| **Day 36** | <br>  
| **Day 37** | <br>  
| **Day 38** | <br>  
| **Day 39** | <br>  
| **Day 40** | <br>  
| **Day 41** | <br>  
| **Day 42** | <br>  
| **Day 43** | <br>  
| **Day 44** | <br>  
| **Day 45** | <br>  
| **Day 46** | <br>  
| **Day 47** | <br>  
| **Day 48** | <br>  
| **Day 49** | <br>  
| **Day 50** | <br>  
| **Day 51** | <br>  
| **Day 52** | <br>  
| **Day 53** | <br>  
| **Day 54** | <br>  
| **Day 55** | <br>  
| **Day 56** | <br>  
| **Day 57** | <br>  
| **Day 58** | <br>  
| **Day 59** | <br>  
| **Day 60** | <br>  
| **Day 61** | <br>  
| **Day 62** | <br>  
| **Day 63** | <br>  
| **Day 64** | <br>  
| **Day 65** | <br>  
| **Day 66** | <br>  
| **Day 67** | <br>  
| **Day 68** | <br>  
| **Day 69** | <br>  
| **Day 70** | <br>  
| **Day 71** | <br>  
| **Day 72** | <br>  
| **Day 73** | <br>  
| **Day 74** | <br>  
| **Day 75** | <br>  
| **Day 76** | <br>  
| **Day 77** | <br>  
| **Day 78** | <br>  
| **Day 79** | <br>  
| **Day 80** | <br>  
| **Day 81** | <br>  
| **Day 82** | <br>  
| **Day 83** | <br>  
| **Day 84** | <br>  
| **Day 85** | <br>  
| **Day 86** | <br>  
| **Day 87** | <br>  
| **Day 88** | <br>  
| **Day 89** | <br>  
| **Day 90** | <br>  
| **Day 91** | <br>  
| **Day 92** | <br>  
| **Day 93** | <br>  
| **Day 94** | <br>  
| **Day 95** | <br>  
| **Day 96** | <br>  
| **Day 97** | <br>  
| **Day 98** | <br>  
| **Day 99** | <br>  
| **Day 100** ✅ | <br>

Commit message:

Day 36 - tweaks/updates to web dev portfolio

README.md, after:

# 100 Days of Code - Jashele T.


| **DAY**   | **DESCRIPTION** |
|-------|-------------|
| **Day 1** 👋 | <br> • **Reading:** [Intro to Web APIs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Client-side_web_APIs/Introduction) <br><br>
| **Day 2** | <br> • **finished reading:** [Intro to Web APIs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Client-side_web_APIs/Introduction) <br> <br> • Tested out the **Web Audio API** for fun @ [github.com/jasheloper/web-audio-api-test](https://github.com/jasheloper/web-audio-api-test) <br><br> 💡and wow, never knew about [`<input type="range">`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/range) pretty cool! <br><br>
| **Day 3** | <br> • **Quick review:** [Manipulating Documents (DOM)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Client-side_web_APIs/Manipulating_documents) <br><br>
| **Day 4** | <br> • Basic DOM review/practice creating & moving elements @ [github.com/jasheloper/basic-dom](https://github.com/jasheloper/basic-dom) <br><br>
| **Day 5** | <br> **I took a month long break so doing challenges from [JSCodebox](https://jscodebox.com/) to warm up:** <br> <br> **All solutions are in my CodePen, links below.** <br> <br> • Code challenge 1: [Password Security](https://codepen.io/jt_1/pen/pvzddJm) <br><br> • Code challenge 2: [Check Box](https://codepen.io/jt_1/pen/OPLOOXw) <br><br> • Code Challenge 3: [Return specific array elements](https://codepen.io/jt_1/pen/EaYbbNy) <br><br> • Code Challenge 4: [Return variables in JSON Notation](https://codepen.io/jt_1/pen/bNbYYqO) <br><br>
| **Day 6** | <br> • **Reading:** [Making network requests with JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Core/Scripting/Network_requests) <br><br> • Working through example code @ [github.com/jasheloper/fetch-example](https://github.com/jasheloper/fetch-example)<br><br>
| **Day 7** | <br> • **Need to briefly switch gears and revamp my [web development](https://github.com/jasheloper/portfolio) portfolio.** <br><br>
| **Day 8 - 18** | <br> • Making progress on [web development](https://github.com/jasheloper/portfolio) portfolio. <br><br>
| **Day 19 - 20** | <br> • Worked on sprucing up the styling for one of the [JS coding projects](https://github.com/jasheloper/color-tile-playground) that will be featured in my portfolio. <br> <br> • Significant progress has been made for the projects portion of [my portfolio](https://github.com/jasheloper/portfolio/upload). The bulk of the work was styling the project cards (headings, summary, buttons, etc). It's coming along nicely!  <br><br>
| **Day 21 - 27** | <br> • Making progress on [web development](https://github.com/jasheloper/portfolio) portfolio. <br><br>
| **Day 28 - 35** | <br> • New [web dev portfolio](https://github.com/jasheloper/portfolio) is nearly complete. Performing some quality checks and will relaunch the site very soon! <br><br> • **update:** Web dev portfolio is live! • [devjashele.tech](https://devjashele.tech/) <br><br>
| **Day 36** | <br> • Tweaks and updates to [devjashele.tech](https://devjashele.tech/) (web dev portfolio) <br><br> • See [repo](https://github.com/jasheloper/portfolio) for more info. <br><br>
| **Day 37** | <br>  
| **Day 38** | <br>  
| **Day 39** | <br>  
| **Day 40** | <br>  
| **Day 41** | <br>  
| **Day 42** | <br>  
| **Day 43** | <br>  
| **Day 44** | <br>  
| **Day 45** | <br>  
| **Day 46** | <br>  
| **Day 47** | <br>  
| **Day 48** | <br>  
| **Day 49** | <br>  
| **Day 50** | <br>  
| **Day 51** | <br>  
| **Day 52** | <br>  
| **Day 53** | <br>  
| **Day 54** | <br>  
| **Day 55** | <br>  
| **Day 56** | <br>  
| **Day 57** | <br>  
| **Day 58** | <br>  
| **Day 59** | <br>  
| **Day 60** | <br>  
| **Day 61** | <br>  
| **Day 62** | <br>  
| **Day 63** | <br>  
| **Day 64** | <br>  
| **Day 65** | <br>  
| **Day 66** | <br>  
| **Day 67** | <br>  
| **Day 68** | <br>  
| **Day 69** | <br>  
| **Day 70** | <br>  
| **Day 71** | <br>  
| **Day 72** | <br>  
| **Day 73** | <br>  
| **Day 74** | <br>  
| **Day 75** | <br>  
| **Day 76** | <br>  
| **Day 77** | <br>  
| **Day 78** | <br>  
| **Day 79** | <br>  
| **Day 80** | <br>  
| **Day 81** | <br>  
| **Day 82** | <br>  
| **Day 83** | <br>  
| **Day 84** | <br>  
| **Day 85** | <br>  
| **Day 86** | <br>  
| **Day 87** | <br>  
| **Day 88** | <br>  
| **Day 89** | <br>  
| **Day 90** | <br>  
| **Day 91** | <br>  
| **Day 92** | <br>  
| **Day 93** | <br>  
| **Day 94** | <br>  
| **Day 95** | <br>  
| **Day 96** | <br>  
| **Day 97** | <br>  
| **Day 98** | <br>  
| **Day 99** | <br>  
| **Day 100** ✅ | <br>
